Deprecate the methods of `default.qubit` (#4145)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/plugins.rst

    which contains a lot of functionality specific to computations based on qubits. We will
    take a deeper look at this important case below.

.. warning::

>     The API of :class:`~.DefaultQubit` will be updated soon to follow a new interface
>     defined by the experimental :class:`pennylane.devices.experimental.Device` class. To view the
>     exact changes coming to :class:`~.DefaultQubit`, see :class:`pennylane.devices.experimental.DefaultQubit2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The API of PennyLane devices will be updated soon to follow a new interface defined by
    the experimental :class:`pennylane.devices.experimental.Device` class. This guide describes
    how to create a device with the current :class:`pennylane.Device` and
    :class:`pennylane.QubitDevice` base classes, and will be updated as we switch to the new API.
    In the meantime, please reach out to the PennyLane team if you would like help with building
    a plugin, either by creating an [issue](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/issues) or
    by posting in our [discussion forum](https://discuss.pennylane.ai/).
```
For this particular page, we need to be a bit more general than for default.qubit.
